c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\Livraria_MVC.dll.config
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\Livraria_MVC.dll
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\Livraria_MVC.pdb
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\FluentNHibernate.dll
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\Iesi.Collections.dll
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\NHibernate.dll
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\FluentNHibernate.pdb
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\FluentNHibernate.xml
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\Iesi.Collections.xml
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\NHibernate.xml
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\obj\Debug\Livraria_MVC.dll
c:\users\danieli.paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\obj\Debug\Livraria_MVC.pdb
C:\Users\Danieli.Paula\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Livraria_MVC\Livraria_MVC\obj\Debug\Livraria_MVC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
